A large collection of many data points from which meaningful and impactful conclusions may be pulled."Aggregating, collecting, cleaning and scraping of large amounts of data often from real life applications involving real time movement and phenomenon."enormous amount of informationUsing big databases and different softwares to clean and analyze data from different fieldsfor me it's taking the large amount of information that people create and use that data in some way to gain meaning from itBig Data is large amounts of raw data that often needs to be managed to extract important information and patterns.Accumulated information based on human behaviors that can be aggregated and analyzed. These behaviors may then be able to be optimized or changed"Big data, to me, is the exploration of large data sets in the sense that those data sets are large enough to have to use special programs to process and extract information from the data sets."Large amounts of data that cannot be easily be processed by normal data processing software."Big data is the process of collecting, cleaning, transforming and analyzing large data sets to find insights to questions that you were trying to solve from that dataset. "Big Data can be described as the use of data from IoT technology to gain insight and drive better decision making in every sector of the economy."Big Data refers to large datasets that cannot be worked with manually. Big Data requires ""big thinking"" to fully understand the many factors that impact the data values.""Big Data takes different forms of data and grooming it to observe trends. The ""bigger"" the data the more significance can be concluded."Large datasets that are computationally intensive and only able to be understood by supercomputers "Big Data are sets of recorded facts so large and complex,  specialized knowledge of the data set's domain is not enough to analyze them.  Significant computing skills and resources are also required to analyze sets of Big Data."Big Data is the combination of large datasets that can be in multiple formats."Big Data refers to a suite of technologies and techniques to ingest, analyze, and produce meaningful results from large volumes of diverse data."Data (around exabytes) produced by human interaction that is constantly growing every second/minute.Big data is humongous amount of data which may or may not be structured. It is used to analyze really life business queries and extract valuable information from available data  Data that can create value from decison-making"Big data is a bunch of raw data that can be further analyzed to do the predictive analysis, decision making, and more by using a variety of tools or techniques such machine learning  "Big Data is a large set of data that contains information from any area of interesta large volume of dynamic data set generated from virtual or physical activities. "Extremely large, unmanageable datasets. "I think Big Data refers to a big volume of data that we can not manage manually with simple tools such as Excel. It requires us to know more (and various) advanced techniques to deal with it. "Big data is a field which utilizes large data sets, though this is relative given the ever growing computational power of systems. These large data sets are often large in volume, but also complex in terms of distinct characteristics, meaning that traditional tools or patters of analysis may not yield useful results, but also may be require an unacceptable amount of time to process. Given that the Internet of Things (IoT) has spawned numerous devices which can collect human behavioral data, this field has grown in the past decade.""Big data uses massive data derived from social media to observe the phenomenon in nature, solve the problems in society.""Based on my understanding, big data means that the volume of data generation is explosion because data can be generated fast. It is harder for us to store and use data. Big data consists of structure and unstructured data. Data users give up their data which is also their privacy to exchange free and convenient. Big data provides a chance for some companies to predict and analyze their customer’s behavior. For example, when I searched one product in google, all of sudden, I can see lots of companies’ advertisements about same products in Youtube, Facebook, Instagram and so on. The feature of big data should include value, veracity, velocity, variability, variety, volume and volatility. "" Data is is the information generated by human being and their activities.  People can sort, extract, analysis complex data with specific tools  and then make smart decisions and strategies."to be able to navigate through noise filled data of todays world and pinpoint on the problem and main pointsData collected from a large number of samples that could be used for analysis of many kinds of circumstances.Big data is a large amount of data on a wide variety of topics that is hard to process and analyze with classic tools and techniques.